Holds metadata that describes the content of that page. Different storage engines store different metadata that they use for navigating, maintaining and optimizing that page.  
# Magic Numbers
A constant value is inserted into a header for validation and to convey some type of information like if it's a page, what kind, or its version.  
> [!note]
> TODO: The term "magic number" does not represent this presented usage
# Sibling Links
In some implementations there may be pointers to sibling nodes (on the same level) to prevent traversing up the tree through the parents and back down to some node.  
This adds complexity to maintaining the tree when nodes are split/merged, including additional locking.  
# Rightmost Pointers
Imagine we have a tree which has 2 keys: K1 and K2. Each key tracks 1 pointer to its children. K1 tracks the pointer to values that are smaller than it (X < K1), K2 tracks the pointer to values that are greater than K1 but smaller than K2 (K1 < Y < K2) and so we are left with 1 "rightmost pointer" that needs to be stored somewhere to track values greater than K2 (K2 < Z).  
This pointer is stored in the page header.  
# Node High Keys
>[!note]
>TODO: Re-read
# Overflow Pages
A node (page) can store some number of bytes and the node size and the number of children pointers does not change. Finding a universally optimal value is impossible however a size must be selected.  
The B-Tree algorithm defines constraints on page capacity. Values stored may be of variable size and therefore there may be situations where the node is "full" but has lots of unused space or "can fit more items" but actually it used up the whole page.  
> [!note]
> TODO: Upper and lower bound constraints?

Tree must preserve constraints such as ordering therefore when data is too large to place in the page it overflows to an extension page with the primary page linking to it.  
>[!note]
>Terrible writing that is mixing terminolgy. The diagrams do not make sense either. They imply a page has additional space but data can only take up a maximum amount of space, like 1 cell, therefore it overflows the data into a brand new overflow page instead of taking up the rest of the space in the same page.

